Add note to manhole.md about bind_address when using with docker (#8526)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/manhole.md

Synapse installation. This is a very powerful mechanism for administration and
debugging.

**_Security Warning_**

Note that this will give administrative access to synapse to **all users** with
shell access to the server. It should therefore **not** be enabled in
environments where untrusted users have shell access.

***

To enable it, first uncomment the `manhole` listener configuration in
`homeserver.yaml`. The configuration is slightly different if you're using docker.

#### Docker config

If you are using Docker, set `bind_addresses` to `['0.0.0.0']` as shown:

```yaml
listeners:
  - port: 9000
    bind_addresses: ['0.0.0.0']
    type: manhole
```

> You will then need to change the docker command to the following to include the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `docker run` to start the server, you will then need to change the command to the following to include the
```

(`bind_addresses` in the above is important: it ensures that access to the
manhole is only possible for local users).

**Docker Note**

> If you are using docker, please ensure you use the following example;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using Docker, set `bind_addresses` to `['0.0.0.0']` as shown
in the following example, to allow connections from the docker host:
```

```yaml
listeners:
  - port: 9000
    bind_addresses: ['0.0.0.0']
    type: manhole
```

> 

Reviewer 2: can you say something about needing to forward the port with `docker run` as well?

Author: I've added a simple "example" config that anyone who wants to use manhole and is using docker should clearly understand.

> Note that this will give administrative access to synapse to **all users** with

Reviewer 2: now it looks a bit like this only applies to docker, which isn't the case. I think you need more headings.

(`bind_addresses` in the above is important: it ensures that access to the
manhole is only possible for local users).

**Docker Note**

> If you are using docker, you will need to use 0.0.0.0 for the bind_addresses above. This is so docker can forward traffic to synapse. 

Reviewer 2: So `bind_addreses: 0.0.0.0` ? Please could you give an explicit example?
